#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
agate==1.7.1
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-snowflake
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via agate
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   dbt-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
colorama==0.4.6
    # via dbt-core
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
dbt-core==1.7.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   dbt-snowflake
dbt-extractor==0.5.1
    # via dbt-core
dbt-semantic-interfaces==0.4.4
    # via dbt-core
dbt-snowflake==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
filelock==3.13.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   keyring
importlib-resources==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   keyring
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   agate
    #   dbt-core
jaraco-classes==3.3.1
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
keyring==24.3.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
leather==0.4.0
    # via agate
logbook==1.5.3
    # via dbt-core
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mashumaro[msgpack]==3.12
    # via dbt-core
minimal-snowplow-tracker==0.0.2
    # via dbt-core
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   jaraco-classes
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via mashumaro
networkx==3.1
    # via dbt-core
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via agate
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via dbt-core
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via dbt-core
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via dbt-semantic-interfaces
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyopenssl==24.1.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via dbt-semantic-interfaces
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via agate
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via agate
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   dbt-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   snowflake-connector-python
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   isodate
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   python-dateutil
snowflake-connector-python[secure-local-storage]==3.7.1
    # via dbt-snowflake
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via dbt-core
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via snowflake-connector-python
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   annotated-types
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   mashumaro
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
zipp==3.18.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
