#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
agate==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   virtualenv
asgiref==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   django
asn1crypto==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
astroid==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
azure-common==1.1.27
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-snowflake
    #   snowflake-connector-python
azure-core==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.8.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-snowflake
    #   snowflake-connector-python
babel==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   agate
boto3==1.15.18
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-redshift
    #   snowflake-connector-python
botocore==1.18.18
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-crc32c
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   requests
click-log==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
    #   pip-tools
code-annotations==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
codecov==2.1.11
    # via -r travis.txt
colorama==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   dbt-snowflake
    #   pyopenssl
    #   secretstorage
    #   snowflake-connector-python
dbt-bigquery==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt
dbt-core==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   dbt-postgres
    #   dbt-redshift
    #   dbt-snowflake
dbt-postgres==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt
    #   dbt-redshift
dbt-redshift==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt
dbt-snowflake==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt
dbt==0.19.1
    # via -r quality.txt
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   networkx
diff-cover==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r dev.in
distlib==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==3.1.8
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
edx-lint==5.0.0
    # via -r quality.txt
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
google-api-core[grpc]==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth==1.28.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   google-api-core
google-cloud-bigquery==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-bigquery
google-cloud-core==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.52.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-api-core
grpcio==1.36.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   google-api-core
hologram==0.0.13
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   jsonschema
inflect==5.3.0
    # via jinja2-pluralize
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   agate
    #   dbt-core
    #   msrest
isort==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
jeepney==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2-pluralize==0.3.0
    # via diff-cover
jinja2==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   dbt-core
    #   diff-cover
    #   jinja2-pluralize
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json-rpc==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
jsonschema==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   hologram
keyring==21.8.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   astroid
leather==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   agate
logbook==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   jinja2
mashumaro==2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
minimal-snowplow-tracker==0.0.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   mashumaro
msrest==0.6.21
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
networkx==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
oscrypto==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   agate
pbr==5.5.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   stevedore
pep517==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
pip-tools==6.0.1
    # via -r pip-tools.txt
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
proto-plus==1.18.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
protobuf==3.15.7
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-postgres
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pydocstyle==6.0.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pygments==2.8.1
    # via diff-cover
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.6
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pylint==2.7.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pyopenssl==19.1.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest-cov==2.11.1
    # via -r quality.txt
pytest==6.2.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest-cov
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   botocore
    #   hologram
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   agate
    #   code-annotations
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   agate
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
    #   google-api-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   dbt-core
    #   mashumaro
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   msrest
requests==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   codecov
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   snowflake-connector-python
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   boto3
secretstorage==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   keyring
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   agate
    #   azure-core
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   edx-lint
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   leather
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   protobuf
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pydocstyle
snowflake-connector-python[secure-local-storage]==2.3.6
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-snowflake
sqlparse==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   django
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   pep517
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tox-battery==0.6.1
    # via -r dev.in
tox==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   tox-battery
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   mashumaro
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   botocore
    #   dbt-snowflake
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
virtualenv==20.4.3
    # via
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   tox
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   dbt-core
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   astroid
zipp==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
