#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
agate==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-snowflake
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
astroid==3.2.4
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   agate
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jaraco-context
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   dbt-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
coverage[toml]==7.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   secretstorage
    #   snowflake-connector-python
dbt-core==1.7.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-snowflake
dbt-extractor==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
dbt-semantic-interfaces==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
dbt-snowflake==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dill==0.3.8
    # via pylint
edx-lint==5.3.7
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   keyring
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   agate
    #   dbt-core
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   pylint
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-context==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
keyring==25.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
leather==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   agate
logbook==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mashumaro[msgpack]==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
minimal-snowplow-tracker==0.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
more-itertools==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   mashumaro
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   pytest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   agate
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pylint==3.2.6
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   agate
    #   code-annotations
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   agate
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   snowflake-connector-python
rpds-py==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   isodate
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
snowflake-connector-python[secure-local-storage]==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-snowflake
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via code-annotations
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   snowflake-connector-python
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   mashumaro
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   dbt-core
    #   requests
zipp==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
